rewrite docs for gem's rbi/ files (#1045)
sorbet/sorbet: website/docs/rbi.md

### RBIs within gems

We expect that as adoption grows, gems will include their external interfaces

> `.rbi`s in an `rbi/` directory. When they do this, Sorbet will automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RBI files in an `rbi/` directory. When they do this, Sorbet will automatically
```

^ consistency with rest of doc

> include those definitions when typechecking your code. In the future, we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include those definitions when typechecking a project. In the future, we
```

avoiding `you`

anticipate this to be the preferred way to include RBI files into a project.

> `srb tc` will automatically check your `Gemfile.lock` for changes since it was

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`srb tc` will automatically check the `Gemfile.lock` for changes since it was
```

avoiding `you`

> last run. If there are changes (or if it has never ran with this specific hash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
last run. If there are changes (or if it has never run with this specific hash
```

has run or ran, not has ran

before) it will check every gem to see if they have a `rbi/` directory. If so,
they will all be written out to a `~/.cache/sorbet/gem-rbis/<hash>` file and

> used when typechecking your code. These are not included in the normal `sorbet/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used when typechecking the code. These are not included in the normal `sorbet/`
```
